Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone   CHAPTER ONE  THE BOY WHO LIVED  Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours' time by Mrs. Dursley's scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!" "I suppose we could take him to the zoo," said Aunt Petunia slowly, "... and leave him in the car...."  "That car's new, he's not sitting in it alone...."  Dudley began to cry loudly. He was usually the one who held people's arms behind their backs while Dudley hit them. The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Harry read on: This specimen was bred in the zoo. " "Well, it's best yeh know as much as I can tell yeh -- mind, I can't tell yeh everythin', it's a great myst'ry, parts of it...."  He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then said, "It begins, I suppose, with -- with a person called -- but it's incredible yeh don't know his name, everyone in our world knows --"  "Who? " "Now, you listen here, boy," he snarled, "I accept there's something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn't have cured -- and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no denying it, and the world's better off without them in my opinion -- asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types -- just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end --"  But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat. Now he came to think about it... every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry... chased by Dudley's gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reach... dreading going to school with that ridiculous haircut, he'd managed to make it grow back... and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn't he got his revenge, without even realizing he was doing it? I've read those letters and he needs all sorts of rubbish -- spell books and wands and --"  "If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you won't stop him," growled Hagrid. " Harry sat and thought about this while Hagrid read his newspaper, the Daily Prophet. Although Hagrid seemed to know where he was going, he was obviously not used to getting there in an ordinary way. Powerful wand, very powerful, and in the wrong hands... well, if I'd known what that wand was going out into the world to do...."  He shook his head and then, to Harry's relief, spotted Hagrid. Harry didn't speak at all as they walked down the road; he didn't even notice how much people were gawking at them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harry's lap. But yeh'll have a great time at Hogwarts -- I did -- still do, 'smatter of fact." "We've already told him we haven't seen it," said Ron, but the girl wasn't listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand. It's been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don't suppose you get that with the Muggles -- someone tried to rob a high security vault." shouted Hagrid, who had a boat to himself. " Harder to shake off was the feeling Harry had gotten from the teacher's look -- a feeling that he didn't like Harry at all. For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went. Harry remembered Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to rob Gringotts, but Ron hadn't mentioned the date. Harry and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he'd been doing it wrong for years. Professor McGonagall slammed the door behind him and turned to face the two boys. She followed Ron through the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose. "Shut up, Peeves -- please -- you'll get us thrown out." "Yes, don't stop now," said Ron, "it's doing us so much good." "I'm going to show you what the Bludgers do," Wood said. " He bent down and freed one of the Bludgers. yelled Ron from the other side of the chamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it. Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly down on a toilet, clutching his heart. By eleven o'clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around the Quidditch pitch. "But this isn't soccer, Dean," Ron reminded him. If I didn' know better, I'd say he'd lost control of his broom... but he can't have...."  Suddenly, people were pointing up at Harry all over the stands. He was now dangling from it, holding on with only one hand. Unfortunately, you needed a specially signed note from one of the teachers to look in any of the restricted books, and he knew he'd never get one. Ron knew them so well he never had trouble getting them to do what he wanted. The library was pitch-black and very eerie. If I back out, Gryffindor can't play at all." Harry didn't see how he could -- yet he sometimes had the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds. "You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?" As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Harry felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into Dumbledore's smiling face. Dragon breeding was outlawed by the Warlocks' Convention of , everyone knows that. Harry didn't like the look on Malfoy's face at all. Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face -- he leapt to his feet and ran to the window. "I've decided to call him Norbert," said Hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes. " And we have got the invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn't know about that." "I'm disgusted," said Professor McGonagall. " All three of you will receive detentions -- yes, you too, Mr. Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around school at night, especially these days, it's very dangerous -- and fifty points will be taken from Gryffindor." Hagrid came striding toward them out of the dark, Fang at his heel. "Oh, a fair few... Keep themselves to themselves mostly, but they're good enough about turnin' up if ever I want a word. What was that thing you saved me from, anyway?" It sounds like fortune-telling to me, and Professor McGonagall says that's a very imprecise branch of magic." "Oh, let's kick her, just this once," Ron whispered in Harry's ear, but Harry shook his head. He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and open. They don't look very vicious, but I suppose if they all swooped down at once... well, there's no other choice... I'll run." He had to keep Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror. Mere shadow and vapor ... I have form only when I can share another's body... but there have always been those willing to let me into their hearts and minds.... Unicorn blood has strengthened me, these past weeks... you saw faithful Quirrell drinking it for me in the forest... and once I have the Elixir of Life, I will be able to create a body of my own.... Now... why don't you give me that Stone in your pocket?" "And sir, there's one more thing..."  "Just the one?" Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke. It was the best evening of Harry's life, better than winning at Quidditch, or Christmas, or knocking out mountain trolls... he would never, ever forget tonight.